we had people submit questions online
for you and just wanted to read three of
them to you the the first of which uh is
from Jonathan uh what are your plans
after you leave the game of
basketball um well uh just to for first
of all for couple years I'll probably do
absolutely nothing and then uh you know
the Nike business is something that
really interests me in terms of how we
put shoes together and apparel and uh
kind of being a Visionary behind that
process I mean that's something that's
extremely enjoyable uh Robbie asks what
inspires you I draw Inspirations from um
a lot of places you know from nature
from other U people who are great at
their Craft um so I I try to look around
me and find inspiration from all over
the place Jared what can I do to get
better as a 13y Old Guard just continue
to play just play play play play play
and have fun playing you know I I
probably didn't do a basketball drill
like a you know dribble through the
cones you know all those stuff stuff I
probably didn't do a basketball drill
till I was like 16 up until that point
it was just me going to Parks just
playing by myself using my imagination
and just doing different things that
I've you know probably saw on TV and
playing pick up games and just kind of
learning as I go just having fun for
more clips from this interview visit
grens singer.com
[Music]